[docs] #252, #256: Update doc structure, add new chapters (#259)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/blockchain/naming.md

# Naming Conventions

> When you names accounts, domains, or assets, you have to keep in mind the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are naming accounts, domains, or assets, you have to keep in mind the
```
